Add article with visual studio props (#690)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/fundamentals/single-project.md

:::image type="content" source="media/single-project/manifest.png" alt-text=".NET MAUI app manifest screenshot.":::

> At build time the shared app manifest data is merged with platform-specific data in the native app manifest file, to produce the manifest file for the app package. For more information, see [Project property settings in Visual Studio - MAUI Shared](../deployment/visual-studio-properties.md#maui-shared).

Reviewer: Looks like the doc is now called "Project configuration in .NET MAUI".

Author: ```suggestion
At build time the shared app manifest data is merged with platform-specific data in the native app manifest file, to produce the manifest file for the app package. For more information, see [Project configuration in .NET MAUI - MAUI Shared](../deployment/visual-studio-properties.md#maui-shared).
```
